Although Helmsley had a reputation as the "Queen of Mean", some considered her generous in her charitable contributions after her prison term. After the 9/11 attacks, Helmsley donated $5 million to help the families of New York City firefighters and police. Other contributions included $25 million to New York Presbyterian Hospital for medical research in 2006 through a charitable trust fund. The donations eventually grew to $65 million to establish the Center for Advanced Digestive Care at the hospital in 2009.
In April 1916, Irish republicans launched the Easter Rising against British rule and proclaimed an Irish Republic. Although it was defeated after a week of fighting, the Rising and the British response led to greater popular support for Irish independence. In the 1918 general election, republican party Sinn Féin won a landslide victory in Ireland. On 21 January 1919 they formed a breakaway government (Dáil Éireann) and declared Irish independence. That day, two RIC officers were killed in the Soloheadbeg ambush by IRA volunteers acting on their own initiative. The conflict developed gradually. For most of 1919, IRA activity involved capturing weaponry and freeing republican prisoners, while the Dáil set about building a state. In September, the British government outlawed the Dáil throughout Ireland, Sinn Féin was proclaimed (outlawed) in County Cork and the conflict intensified. The IRA began ambushing RIC and British Army patrols, attacking their barracks and forcing isolated barracks to be abandoned. The British government bolstered the RIC with recruits from Britain—the Black and Tans and Auxiliaries—who became notorious for ill-discipline and reprisal attacks on civilians, some of which were authorised by the British government. Thus the conflict is sometimes called the "Black and Tan War." The conflict also involved civil disobedience, notably the refusal of Irish railwaymen to transport British forces or military supplies.
Before Sisyphus died, he had told his wife to throw his naked corpse into the middle of the public square (purportedly as a test of his wife's love for him). This caused Sisyphus to end up on the shores of the river Styx when he was brought to the underworld. Complaining to either Hades or Persephone that this was a sign of his wife's disrespect for him, Sisyphus persuaded her to allow him to return to the upper world, in order to scold his wife for not burying his body and giving it a proper funeral as a loving wife should. But when back in the world of the living, Sisyphus refused to return to the Underworld. He returned many years later either from dying of advanced age, or being forcibly dragged back there by Hermes.
Freaks and Geeks is an American teen comedy drama television series created by Paul Feig and executive-produced by Judd Apatow that aired on NBC from September 25, 1999, to July 8, 2000. Three episodes were left unaired by NBC, and the episodes were first broadcast in September and October 2000 on Fox Family Channel. The show is set in a suburban high school near Detroit during 1980-81. The theme of Freaks and Geeks reflects "the sad, hilarious unfairness of teen life".
Salutations! My name is Collin Engstrom, and I recently received my Ph.D. in Computer Sciences here at the University of Wisconsin - Madison. My research was with David Page and Brian Patterson. I am currently a CIBM Postdoctoral Research Fellow working with Brian Patterson and Mark Craven. Below you will find information pertaining to my research, teaching, and coursework. For more information, please see my CV. Thanks for visiting!
e Computer Science Department at WSU is an exciting, challenging program that can prepare you for a variety of engaging careers. Our educational approach emphasizes programming and technical expertise, critical thinking abilities, and practical hands-on experience.The WSU Computer Science Department operates from both the Winona Campus and the Rochester Campus, which allows students to complete their Computer Science degree on either campus.  In addition, RCTC students may consider our Path to Purple Programs.